Mom, do we always have to listen to this elevator music?
No. No, we don't. As soon as you've prepared a nutritious yet savory meal that I'm about to eat, you can listen to whatever you like.
Shove it.
So Janie, how was school?
It was okay.
Just okay?
No, Dad. It was spec-tac-ular.
Shove it.
Well, you want to know how things went at my job today?
They've hired this efficiency expert, this really friendly guy named Brad, 
how perfect is that? And he's basically there to make it seem like they're justified in firing somebody, 
because they couldn't just come right out and say that, could they? 
No, no, that would be too… honest. And so they've asked us
you couldn't possibly care any less, could you?
Well, what do you expect? You can't all of a sudden be my best friend, just because you had a bad day. I mean, hello. You've barely even spoken to me for months.
I'm going to get some ice cream.
Sorry I'm late.
No, no, that's quite all right, dear. Your father and I were just discussing his day at work. (to Lester) Why don't you tell our daughter about it, honey?
Shove it. Let’s take away Dad’s manhood again.
Janie, today I quit my job. And then I told my boss to fuck himself, and then I blackmailed him for almost sixty thousand dollars. Pass the asparagus.
Your father seems to think this kind of behavior is something to be proud of.
And your mother seems to prefer I go through life like a fucking prisoner while she keeps my dick in a mason jar under the sink.
How dare you speak to me that way in front of her? And I marvel that you can be so contemptuous of me, on the same day that you lose your job!
Lose it? I didn't lose it. It's not like, "Oops, where'd my job go?" I quit. Someone pass me the asparagus.
Oh! Oh! And I want to thank you for putting me under the added pressure of being the sole breadwinner now-
I already have a job.
No, no, don't give a second thought as to who's going to pay the mortgage. We'll just leave it all up to Carolyn. You mean, you're going to take care of everything now, Carolyn? Yes. I don't mind. I really don't. You mean, everything? You don't mind having the sole responsibility, your husband feels he can just quit his job
Will someone pass me the fucking asparagus?
Okay, I'm not going to be a part of this
Sit down. 
I'm sick and tired of being treated like I don't exist. You two do whatever you want to do whenever you want to do it and I don't complain. All I want is the same courtesy
That’s a good start.
Oh, you don't complain? Oh, excuse me. Excuse me. I must be psychotic then, if you don't complain. What is this?! Am I locked away in a padded cell somewhere, hallucinating? That's the only explanation I can think of
Don't interrupt me, honey.
Oh, and another thing. From now on, we're going to alternate our dinner music. Because frankly, and I don't think I'm alone here, I'm really tired of this Lawrence Welk shit.
Thanks for doing everything, honey.
You’re welcome. 
No, I got some. 
Maya, over here.
Honey, just let her
Come here, Maya.
She’s fine.
That’s a good girl. 
She’s fine. She’s not doing anything.
She’s a good girl.
This looks good.
It should be.  I used butter and some chicken broth and let it steam.
I need a knife. You need one?
Me? 
‘Kay.
